MAGEDOC-4021 KB conversion Log Locations to Cloud guide (#5351)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/cloud/live/live-sanity-check.md

    php bin/magento deploy:mode:set production
    ```

> If errors display, debug them if possible, [review logs]({{page.baseurl}}/cloud/project/log-locations.html), or open a [support ticket]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/trouble/trouble.html) to get additional assistance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If errors display, debug them if possible by [reviewing logs]({{page.baseurl}}/cloud/project/log-locations.html). Open a [support ticket]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/trouble/trouble.html) to get additional assistance.
```

Reviewer: Not sure the suggestion is the best, but the existing sentence could be improved.
